so I'm recording is because I'm kind of
in a crisis yeah Franco's kind of
accurate I hope that I go and back at
this video you know if you Madame Amy
I'm gonna realize how I got service I
hope so
so yeah I'm a student at Cambridge and
the truth is that I'm not happy there I
realized this because I wake up every
morning and I I just know I don't want
to be there and it feels like I'm the
most ungrateful person on the planet
because I'm at a great university and I
just can't seem to appreciate that yeah
I don't know but I'm gonna fight what I
get as you can tell pretty miserable
about it
[Music]
so yeah that was my big secret for the
past few months for some reason I was
unhappy not to kind of unhappy did some
ice cream and a hot chocolate may go
away
it was a kind of unhappy that comes for
you in the moments where you least see
it coming while you were getting ready
for your day studying or walking over to
debauchery to get dinner the kind of
unhappy that makes you want to stay in
bed the kind of unhappy that slowly
makes you isolate yourself from everyone
who cares about you until it's just you
and your unhappiness I couldn't
understand the sadness because I really
had nothing to complain about I was at
one of the best law schools in the
entire world I had two scholarships and
great friends on paper there was nothing
that could have predicted this so what
went wrong in all honesty I don't have a
good answer to that question it is
probably a mix of things including
changing the country elleven three times
within a few months being in a
high-pressure environment and not
admitting that I had a problem I knew
that something was wrong but I couldn't
fully understand that something was
truly wrong because everything seemed to
go so well I thought that this must just
be in my head and that it would go away
if I just kept going on as with most
problems it didn't go away instead it
got worse some days the only reason I
got out of bed was because I knew that
my friends would check up on me if I
wouldn't show up for something and the
only thing that was worse than being
with people was having people notice
that I wasn't there having them noticed
that there was something that wasn't
okay in winter break this little ritual
of forcing myself out of bed due to
commitments to friends fell apart it was
just me and my unhappiness at that point
what had started out as a not so good
feeling at the beginning of the term had
turned through depression
I could no longer lie to myself and tell
myself that this problem wasn't real and
that it was just in my head
so I talked to my tutor at the beginning
of my second term at Cambridge in all
honesty I thought that she would tell me
that this would go away that it wasn't
serious that I would get over it but
that wasn't the reaction I got instead
she was understanding helped me find
resources including counselling to
address the issue and looked out for me
somehow I had not expected that there
was room for imperfection at a place
filled with perfection like Cambridge
unfortunately I had waited quite awhile
to address this issue and it ended up
getting worse I was scared of telling me
to say that I hadn't gotten better
because I wasn't sure how much support I
could hope for now it came down to the
question of whether I should intimates
an intermission is a break from his
studies at Cambridge for medical reasons
all the medical support for an
intermission was there but I was scared
scared of telling people cared about me
that I had been hiding from them for
months scared of disappointing my
parents scared of potentially losing my
scholarship and I was scared of leaving
because of a problem that was just in my
head I still felt like this was just me
only seeing things in a bad light I
still questioned whoever this issue was
real it was but I don't think I would
have seen this without the supportive
reactions of my friends family and
teachers had they told me that this
wasn't that big of a deal and I just get
over it I would never have asked for
help
so thank you so much because your
reactions have made all the difference
[Music]
I ended up intermitting and I think it
was one of the best decisions of my life
I will be returning to Cambridge but
with a much more positive mindset and
more awareness of my mental health if
you are someone in a similar position
please do not let anyone tell you that
your struggles aren't real not even
yourself and ask for help because you
deserve to get it and if you are someone
who hasn't seen a friend in a while or
realizes that they haven't been showing
up for social commitments or you just
have a feeling that they're not doing
well check up on them they may need you
more than you know
[Music]